update readme to support proxy (#131)
Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth: README.md

You can now use any of the authentication methods and pass in the tenant Id or use the `setDomain()` method on the existing credential to change the tenant it uses to create the tokens.

> ### known issue
> #### proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Known issue with proxy support

This package uses `adal-node` which has moved to `axios` from `request` as the package of choice for httpRequests for adal-node since npm support for `request` is discontinued. However it was noticed later that [`axios` does not support proxies](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072). The `adal-node` package is taking only security changes and will not taking any changes to fix this issue. Therefore, we recommend using `https-proxy-agent` as suggested in the issue linked in case you need proxies for your application. For example: 

```

> ### known issue
> #### proxy
> ```
> // paste this code to support proxy environment
> // reference:
> // https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072#issuecomment-567473812
> const HttpsProxyAgent = require('https-proxy-agent');
> const axios = require('axios')
> axios.defaults.proxy = false
> axios.defaults.httpsAgent = new HttpsProxyAgent('http://MY_PROXY:8888')
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Known issue with proxy support

This package uses `adal-node` which has moved to `axios` from `request` as the package of choice for httpRequests for adal-node since npm support for `request` is discontinued. However it was noticed later that [`axios` does not support proxies](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072). The `adal-node` package is taking only security changes and will not taking any changes to fix this issue. Therefore, we recommend using `https-proxy-agent` as suggested in the issue linked in case you need proxies for your application. For example: 

```
// paste this code to support proxy environment
// reference:
// https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072#issuecomment-567473812
const HttpsProxyAgent = require('https-proxy-agent');
const axios = require('axios')
axios.defaults.proxy = false
axios.defaults.httpsAgent = new HttpsProxyAgent('http://MY_PROXY:8888')
```
```

You can now use any of the authentication methods and pass in the tenant Id or use the `setDomain()` method on the existing credential to change the tenant it uses to create the tokens.

### Known issue with proxy support

> This package uses `adal-node` which has moved to `axios` from `request` as the package of choice for httpRequests since npm support for `request` is discontinued. However it was noticed later that [`axios` does not support proxies](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072). The `adal-node` package is taking only security changes and will not taking any changes to fix this issue. Therefore, we recommend using `https-proxy-agent` as suggested in the issue linked in case you need proxies for your application. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package uses `adal-node` which has moved to `axios` from `request` as the package of choice for httpRequests since npm support for `request` is discontinued. However it was noticed later that [`axios` does not support proxies](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072). The `adal-node` package is taking only security changes and will not be fixing this issue. Therefore, we recommend using `https-proxy-agent` as suggested in the issue linked in case you need proxies for your application. For example: 
```

> This package uses `adal-node` which has moved to `axios` from `request` as the package of choice for httpRequests for adal-node since npm support for `request` is discontinued. However it was noticed later that [`axios` does not support proxies](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072). The `adal-node` package is taking only security changes and will not taking any changes to fix this issue. Therefore, we recommend using `https-proxy-agent` as suggested in the issue linked in case you need proxies for your application. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package uses `adal-node` which has moved to `axios` from `request` as the package of choice for httpRequests since npm support for `request` is discontinued. However it was noticed later that [`axios` does not support proxies](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072). The `adal-node` package is taking only security changes and will not taking any changes to fix this issue. Therefore, we recommend using `https-proxy-agent` as suggested in the issue linked in case you need proxies for your application. For example: 
```

Reviewer 2: with the quotes perhaps?
